Hello, 

Thank you for submitting the new app, HeroKids - Chores & Rewards, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 887461ca-3bb4-4b80-b75e-68bc3e694cc2
Review date: July 15, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0 (44)

Guideline 4.8 - Design - Login Services

Issue Description

The app uses a third-party login service, but does not appear to offer as an equivalent login option another login service with all of the following features:

- The login option limits data collection to the user’s name and email address.
- The login option allows users to keep their email address private from all parties as part of setting up their account.
- The login option does not collect interactions with the app for advertising purposes without consent. 

Next Steps

Revise the app to offer as an equivalent login option another login service that meets all of the above requirements.

If the app already includes another login service that meets all of the above requirements, reply to App Review in App Store Connect, identify which login service meets all of the requirements, and explain why it meets all of the requirements.

Note that Sign in with Apple is a login service that meets all the requirements specified in guideline 4.8.

Resources

Learn about Sign in with Apple.
Guideline 2.3.8 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

Issue Description

We noticed the app subtitle and screenshots to be displayed on the App Store includes the term "Kids", which implies that this app is made specifically for children. However, this app was not submitted as a Kids category app.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please remove any terms from the app name, subtitle, icon, or screenshots that imply the main audience of this app is children. 

If the app is made exclusively for children, please select "Made for Kids" in the Rating section of App Store Connect.

Resources

For more information on assigning categories to the app, you may want to review the Choosing a Category page on the Apple Developer website.

For more information on the Kids category and its requirements, you may want to review the Building Apps for Kids page on the Apple Developer website.
Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

Issue Description

We noticed that the app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- The subscriptions can be purchased in the app using payment mechanisms other than In-App Purchase. 

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by the app must be available for purchase in the app using In-App Purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using In-App Purchase. See guideline 3.1.3(b) for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement In-App Purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating In-App Purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about business requirements in guideline 3.1.1.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. Once account deletion has been added, or if it is already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- Creating a new account or signing in with the demo account
- Navigating to the account deletion option
- The complete account deletion flow from initiation to confirmation

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas
Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.