Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 94fad60c-c6b0-4b39-9502-12a2c7001922
Review date: July 22, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (56)

Guideline 2.3.8 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

Issue Description

We continue to notice the app name to be displayed on the App Store includes the term Kids, which implies that this app is made specifically for children. However, this app was not submitted as a Kids category app.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please remove any terms from the app name, subtitle, icon, or screenshots that imply the main audience of this app is children. 

If the app is made exclusively for children, please select "Made for Kids" in the Rating section of App Store Connect.


Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

In-app purchase products associated with the app version submitted for review could not be found in the submitted binary.

Next Steps

If these In-App Purchase products are not intended to be available at this time, remove them from App Store Connect before resubmitting.

If these In-App Purchase products are intended to be available in the app, complete these steps:

1. Ensure the products are active and that StoreKit is implemented in the app. If not, submit a new binary with these changes.
2. Resubmit any rejected In-App Purchase products alongside the new binary. Rejected In-App Purchases can be found in App Store Connect in the sidebar under Monetization.
3. Test your In-App Purchase products in the sandbox environment using the Sandbox Apple Account configured in App Store Connect to confirm they are active, correctly implemented, and completing successfully before resubmitting.

After completing these steps, resubmit the app for review and attach a screen recording captured on a physical device in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect. The recording must:

- Begin from the Home Screen, launch the app, and demonstrate the complete user flow through the app's core features using the demo account you provided in App Review Information.
- Show a successful sandbox purchase demonstrating that the In-App Purchase products are active and completing as expected
- Demonstrate all other purchase flows to access paid digital goods or services
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas
Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.